Update MinGW requirements (#3526)
godotengine/godot-docs: development/compiling/compiling_for_windows.rst

  will have to run/download the installer again.**
- `MinGW-w64 <http://mingw-w64.org/>`_ with GCC can be used as an alternative to
  Visual Studio. Be sure to install/configure it to use the ``posix`` thread model.

>   **IMPORTANT-** When using MinGW, the compiler must be version 7, 9, or above (In my experience, only 9 worked). Because

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Important:** When using MinGW to compile the ``master`` branch, you need GCC 9 or later. Because
```

  MinGW does not officially release GCC 9 yet, you can get an alternate installer from 

>   `here <https://jmeubank.github.io/tdm-gcc/articles/2020-03/9.2.0-release/>`_.

Reviewer: Remove the trailing slash to fix 404 error:

```suggestion
  `here <https://jmeubank.github.io/tdm-gcc/articles/2020-03/9.2.0-release>`_.
```
